everything to make you feel very young
and baby she'll consider once you scared
to hold the mirror up see they sup when
they wake up just wake up this time for
all generation the same record
welcome to generation news my name is
Justin today's story we got together on
Willie Monroe Brad stop stop boxing
fight we got a chance to sit down and
talk to us by the success and what he
has a message anyway my name is Willie
Monroe 25 years old Rochester New York I
started by June I was about six years
old the first time I wanted national
championship I was 13 years old I'm
almost moving first dough first
everything's first vlog I could embrace
that guy for just that's me too what
talent and blessing me with a mind at a
young age I recognized my talent
give thanks to my my grandfather who
started boxing my grandparents was
raised and he kept me on the right track
you know just hard work and dedication
and being smart enough as a as a
youngster to be able to say okay I may
not understand what the older people are
telling me but I'm a follower just
because I know that they've been there
and done it you know and taking a chance
entrusting the older people such as my
trainers my grandparents
it's five years I see myself on top of
the world honestly I'm blessed to be on
top of the world right now you know I'm
on my mind State but I'm I see myself
working and training other training kids
and instilling a discipline and passing
on what was giving me
my success to me is my confidence
whatever you work hard at and being able
to accomplish it that you know at peak
level or peak performance not really
feel like I'm blessed to be able to do
my boxing and being able to make a
living off more something that I wanted
to do as successful you know success and
a lot of people Minds is making enough
money or you know being able to hold
down a good enough job but that may not
be able to want to do but success in me
is being able to live your life doing
what you want to do and in my case is
boxing yeah it's a potential he has all
the skills that needed to become the
hunted one champ and that is what we
don't go grace of God I didn't honestly
when I was his King
my grandparents raised me you know
always heard you say you gotta have
education that I have I'm more or less
did it because I mean I was raised in a
very strict household I did it because
of what I had to go order on that the
more I realize that it's definitely a
necessity one thing I realize is that no
matter how talented I am how hard I work
or how bad I wanted
you have to have a plan a plan B all the
way to Z you have to have a bunch of
points to make sure that your success in
life being a fighter doesn't speaking
let us placed on fighters that they're
not smart yeah dumb guys I have to get
in the ring fight for them
that's definitely being a fighter that's
not right and knowing other flies
trait my mind a little different I'm
Willie Monroe jr. and I'm changing the
way you view this generation and then
Alma saw smoking first I've never been
really loud
together